Happy Easter glitter critters and I know
I'm cutting it pretty close with this
video because Easter Sunday is this
weekend yay and I'm sure you're very
excited for the fun family get-togethers
Church the yummy food and let's not
forget the delicious desserts you'll
need so today I'm gonna be showing you
six fun Easter treats that are great for
an Easter egg hunt and Easter party or
just a fun project to do at home with
your friends family and kids of your own
so let's go ahead and get started okay
so if you're opting for a more healthy
Easter treat these fruity peeps are
perfect for you all you need is a yellow
fruit cup of your choice and you can
choose from pineapples mangoes peaches
whatever you like and then you'll need a
black and red sharpie that's it just
draw on the peep eyes hands feet and
beak to finish off this super easy treat
and that all rhymes isn't that awesome
okay shut up freelance so these bunny
bites are amazing and they only take
around 15 minutes to make all you need
is a bag of Reese's chocolate eggs or
you can use the dove white chocolate
eggs waffle pretzels and Easter M&Ms
that's all so start by laying all of
your waffle pretzels out on a baking
sheet and you can make as many of these
as you want I just made a small amount
just to show you for this video then
start unwrapping your chocolate eggs and
lay them on top of the pretzels now take
your quick and yummy creation and pop it
into the oven for around 8 to 10 minutes
on 200 degrees make sure you watch them
because you do not want them melting
through the pretzel you want the
chocolate to be just gooing enough to
stick your M&Ms on so after taking them
out of the oven plop on those M&Ms and
you can either put them in the fridge to
chill or just let them set for around 15
minutes to firm up and if you make these
for the Easter Bunny he will surely come
back every year just for these delicious
bunny bites yum Oh have you ever thought
of catching the Easter Bunny I know I
have and breeland's bunny bait is sure
to do the trick
you will need Easter M&Ms sprinkles
sweet white chocolate morsels popcorn of
your choice Chex rice cereal
and some cute little baggies and Bost
put it in so in a deep baking sheet I
added all the ingredients and while I
was adding that I put my white chocolate
morsels in a glass bowl and heated them
up over a pot of boiling water this way
the chocolate won't burn
now slowly drizzle that yummy goodness
all over your mixture
I poured half the chocolate in and start
it up and then I just poured the rest in
just to evenly distribute it so after
just let it set for around 30 minutes to
harden now you could just break it apart
and put it in either a large bag like
mine or little mini bags oh yeah and
don't forget to add your bunny bait tag
I created mine in Photoshop but there
are plenty already made up on Pinterest
to choose from so the night the Easter
Bunny comes set this out on the table
and see how much is missing from it
there might not even be any left
peekaboo I hope you love brownies and
lots of sugar so for this treat all
you'll need is a box of brownie mix
Easter M&Ms and peeps so I went ahead
and made up the brownie mixture
according to the directions in the box
and put them in the oven so after it was
done up again adding my peeps and my
M&Ms and you can add as many as you like
now just plop them back into the oven
for around 5 to 8 minutes on 350 degrees
and you want your peeps to be pretty
melted so after they look kind of like
this cut them up add more M&Ms and peeps
for decorations and you're finished I'm
pretty sure you've never seen a pizza
like this before but an Easter land this
is what an Easter Bunny pizza looks like
so for this treat you'll need pastel
marshmallows Easter Bunny marshmallows
M&Ms sugar cookie dough chocolate Easter
bunnies sprinkles and icing is optional
for decoration first I spread out the
cookie dough on a round pizza pan and
baked it according to the directions and
after it cooled I'm adding all the
ingredients including marshmallows M&M
sprinkles and chocolate Easter bunnies
and you can use whatever candy toppings
you want on your Easter Bunny pizza so
now I'm just putting it into the oven
for around 5 to 8 minutes on 350 degrees
make sure you watch it because you don't
want your marshmallows to Brown last I
added icing and sprinkles to the crust
just to cover any imperfections and give
it a cuter look and that's it have you
ever seen an Easter basket and wanted to
eat the in
tire thing yeah me neither but now you
can and it's safe and non-toxic all you
need is cookie dough of your choice
white icing speckled jellybeans eggs
Twizzlers and sweet coconut flakes which
you can use a few drops of food coloring
to dye them different colors like I did
now using a cupcake pan I'm using two of
the pre-cut cookies and one cupcake cup
and baking these according to the
directions now I just put some of that
icing in a ziploc bag and clipped a
corner off to make a piping bag and I'm
just applying a blob of that icing on
top of our cookie baskets after blobbing
on that icing I just started sticking
the coconut to it so after that you can
start adding your jellybeans eggs and I
press them down firmly so that way they
would stick to the icing underneath and
they wouldn't just roll off so when
you're finished cut your Twizzlers to
fit and slide them underneath the icing
on both sides to secure them in place
and you might want to pre Bend them so
that way they'll hold their shape so
after putting on the basket handles I am
finished and I'm ready to chow down on
some Easter baskets yummy so that's all
for this video let me know what you
think in the comments and if you try any
of these treats be sure to send me a
picture on Facebook Twitter or Instagram
and also let me know which treat was
your favorite so I thank you so much for
watching and have a glitter 'fl Easter
bye I love you